Update FSD (#181)
insightmind/MORR: documents/fsd/chapter/tests.tex

    \test{\fmt{FS120}{FS250}}{Save dialog - Discard}{The application is currently displaying the save dialog.}
    {\begin{enumerate}
        \item The \gls{user} clicks on the button labeled "Discard".

>         \item The \gls{user} confirms their decision in the now dispaying confirmation dialog by clicking on the button labelled "Delete anyway".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        \item The \gls{user} confirms their decision in the now displayed confirmation dialog by clicking on the button labeled "Delete anyway".
```
